how to convert a PNG file to a vector in
Photoshop this can be done in literally
one minute and I walk you through how
you can do it now so have your PNG file
open on a canvas in Photoshop then what
you need to do is come down to the layer
hold ctrl or command on the Mac and then
click on the layer what I should do is
highlight the layer like this and you
should see that on your screen which
you've done that head over to this
selection tool here the rectangle click
on it make sure you're on the first one
right click and then click on make work
path we should have done that click OK
keep the tolerance on one and it should
be fine
you should see you now have a path
around your logo once you've done that
you can come down to the selection tool
and this one here the direct selection
tool and you can then right-click you
can go to create vector mask and what
that's going to do is it's going to
create a vector of your logo now you can
click enter you can get rid of the
points now if you click ctrl T and you
make this bigger using any transform
tool you'll see that when we click the
tick here is now not blurry because it's
a vector and we can scale this to
whatever size we want to save it we go
to file we go save as and we can save it
now as an EPS file so one of these do
here that's how you can convert a PNG
file to a vector in Photoshop if that
helped you out I really would appreciate
it if you leave a like subscribe and I
see you all in the next one